Rename certain SDK fields (#195)
readmeio/metrics-sdks: packages/node/README.md

```javascript
const readme = require('readmeio');

> app.use(readme.metrics(README_API_KEY, (req, res) => ({

Reviewer: This _might_ (I can't remember if we set this up or not) get pulled in automatically to the documentation, in which case the <<apiKey>> syntax will be replaced with the users actual ReadMe API Key!

Not sure if we are actually syncing this stuff though or if that was just an idea we had

Author: oh that's a good point, I believe you're right!

Author: @mjcuva is there a reason we don't do this in the other README's? Sounds like we probably should...

Reviewer: Yeah agreed! No clue why we aren't doing it other places, it might just be because the node one was written by someone at ReadMe whereas python/ruby were written by contractors.

Author: cool, I can update the others then

With the middleware loaded, all requests that funneled through it will receive a `x-documentation-url` header applied to the response. The value of this header will be the URL on ReadMe Metrics with which you can view the log for that request.

Note that in order to generate this URL, an API request is made to ReadMe once a day, and cached to a local file in `node_modules/.cache/readmeio`, to retrieve your projects `baseUrl`. If this request to ReadMe fails, the `x-documentation-url` header will not be added to responses.

If you wish to not rely on this cache, you can opt to supply a `baseLogUrl` option into the middleware, which should evaluate to the public-facing URL of your ReadMe project.

### Configuration Options

There are a few options you can pass in to change how the logs are sent to ReadMe. These are passed in an object as the third parameter to the `readme.metrics`.

```js
const readme = require('readmeio');
const env = process.env.NODE_ENV;

app.use(readme.metrics('<<apiKey>>', req => ({
  apiKey: req.<userApiKey>,
  label: req.<userNameToShowInDashboard>,
  email: req.<userEmailAddress>,
}), {
  development: env !== 'production',
  bufferLength: 1,

>   denylist: [[arrayOfSensitiveKeysToOmit]],
>   allowlist: [[arrayofKeysOnlyToSend]],

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  denylist: [arrayOfSensitiveKeysToOmit],
  allowlist: [arrayofKeysOnlyToSend],
```

}));
```

| Option       | Use                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |

> | :----------- | :---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

Reviewer 2: I've never really been a fan of padding Markdown tables out like this because it's one more thing to manage when changing content in a row, but I'm not going to put up a stink about it.

| development  | **default: false** If true, the log will be separate from normal production logs. This is great for separating staging or test data from data coming from customers.                                                                                                                                                    |
| bufferLength | **default: 10** By default, we only send logs to ReadMe after 10 requests are made. Depending on the usage of your API it make make sense to send logs more or less frequently.                                                                                                                                         |

> | denylist     | **optional** An array of keys from your API requests and responses headers and bodies that you wish to denylist from sending to ReadMe.<br /><br />If you configure a denylist, it will override any allowlist configuration.                                                                                           |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| denylist     | **optional** An array of keys from your API requests, responses headers, and request bodies that you wish to not be sent to ReadMe.<br /><br />If you configure a `denylist`, it will override any `allowlist` configuration.                                                                                           |
```

| allowlist    | **optional** An array of keys from your API requests and responses headers and bodies that you only wish to send to ReadMe.                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| baseLogUrl   | **optional** This is the base URL for your ReadMe project. Normally this would be `https://projectName.readme.io` or `https://docs.yourdomain.com`, however if this value is not supplied, a request to the ReadMe API will be made once a day to retrieve it. This data is cached into `node_modules/.cache/readmeio`. |

### Limitations

> - Currently only supports JSON request bodies. Adding a allowlist/denylist for non-JSON bodies will not work (unless they're added to `req.body`) the same way that `body-parser` does it. The properties will be passed into [`postData`](http://www.softwareishard.com/blog/har-12-spec/#postData) as a `params` array.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Currently only supports JSON request bodies. Adding a `allowlist` or `denylist` for non-JSON bodies will not work (unless they're added to `req.body`) the same way that [`body-parser`](https://npm.im/body-parser) does it. The properties will be passed into [`postData`](http://www.softwareishard.com/blog/har-12-spec/#postData) as a `params` array.
```
